feat: driver definition on home page (#1)
vtex/becoming-a-driver: docs/index.md

In the fast-paced world of technology, career growth for software developers is a top priority. To meet this demand, we're introducing our new model, Becoming a Driver, based on four key development stages: Implementer, Solver, Finder, and Driver.

> Suppose you are looking for advice or tips on how to improve your ability to drive a car or other vehicle. In that case, this is the wrong place for you. The decision to choose the word "driver" is based on its intentionality; according to the Oxford Dictionary, one of its meanings is "a factor that causes a particular phenomenon to occur or develop".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
!!! info "What a *Driver* means* 
        Suppose you are looking for advice or tips on improving your ability to drive a car or other vehicle. In that case, this is the wrong place for you. The decision to choose the word **driver** is based on its intentionality; according to the Oxford Dictionary, one of its meanings is "a factor that causes a particular phenomenon to occur or develop".
```
